Yes, I don't care, listen. What kind of car you have there, apartments, yachts, all this makes no difference to me. Even Bentley, even Maybach, even Rolls-Royce, even Bugatti, even a hundred-meter yacht - I don't care about that, you know? How much sex do you have there, with whom do you do it, with what females, chic or satin, do you fly into space - I don't care about that, you know? I have become so full of my knowledge that I seem to have been living on trillions and trillions of planets like this Earth for a hundred trillion and billion years, this world is absolutely clear to me, and I am looking for only one thing here - peace, peace and this harmony , from merging with the infinitely eternal, from contemplating the great fractal likeness and from this wonderful unity of being, infinitely eternal, wherever you look, even deep down - infinitely small, even upwards - infinitely large, you understand? And you tell me again with yours here, go fuss further, this is your distribution, this is your path and your horizon of knowledge and sensation of your nature, it is disproportionately shallow compared to mine, you understand? It’s like I’m already a deep old man, immortal, well, or there already almost immortal, who has been on this planet from its very inception, even when the Sun had just formed as a star, and here is this gas and dust cloud, here, after the explosion, the Sun, when it flared up like a star, began to form these coacervates, planets, you understand. It’s like I’ve been living on this Earth for almost five billion years and I know it along and across this whole world, and you give me some ... I don’t care about your cars, your yachts, your apartments, there, on your good. I was on this planet an infinite number, and cooler than Caesar, and cooler than Hitler, and cooler than all the great ones, you know, I was, but somewhere I was a complete shit, even worse than here. I feel many of these conditions. Somewhere I was more like a plant, somewhere I was more like a bird, there, a worm, somewhere there was just a clot of stone, it's all a soul, you know? It has completely diverse facets of similarity, an infinite set. But you don't understand it, so you go yourself. We in this world, as it were, live with different sensations and different aspirations, respectively, our place and place are different, our distribution is also different. I wish you all the coolest cars that you have, and all the best females, if you have few ideas, contact me, I will offer you a hundred trillion for each of your ideas, how to do everything. Well, that’s all, I’m walking like a deep old man, having seen the eternal, having touched the Divine, he himself became god-like and aspired to this infinite, and who abides in peace, peace, harmony, grace, in this innermost bliss, involved in everything and everything You see, that's all, that's our difference. So I'm going to admire the universe, and you're going to be filled with some facets, that's the whole difference, you understand. You do not see this eternal infinite, you do not need it. Well, on the other hand, you are, so to speak, more active, like this woodpecker, or an ant, which is very active in its path. So come on, our paths here, of course, have facets of similarity, because everything is one, but I understand you perfectly, but you hardly understand me, because I kind of contain you, all your nature, it makes up one small grain of sand there, from what is in me, that's all, so come on, go, go, and I went to enjoy the beautiful autumn sunset on the banks of the warm southern river. All right, go, and I'll go.